very good to everyone how are you like
You see I bring a new video this time
Inspired by an ad makeup
of a gucci perfume the makeup is
in golden tones marking a lot the
outside of the eye and nothing left you
watching it and I hope you like this
makeup has a lot of lighting
so the first thing I do is take a
shadow in golden cream and mark the part
the first third of the eye
next with a shadow in color
golden what I do is settle a little
more that cream color that we have put
previously and also enhance the
lighting in the lacrimal and
first third
choose a shade in taupe and what
I'm going to do is illuminate the central part
of this makeup
I have
with a dark brown shadow what I'm going
doing is marking the outside of the
eye and give it the shape that I want in the
makeup that inspired me is makeup
that especially marks the outside
of the eye and takes a lot of shadow
outward so what I do mark
a line from the tabs
bottoms going up
and now I frame the basin to give the
shape to makeup
little by little I'm filling in the area that
we have marked I am putting the color already
then I'm blurring
i
two
once we have everything integrated into
the following mark a little more the
part of the upper lashes I choose
a black shadow matte just what I'm going
doing is putting a little black flush
of the eyelashes I also do it in the
lower part
and with a brush to blur I'll
integrating a little more that color
dark in the makeup
for what has now caught a shadow
that gives a lot of light and so you know
that this makeup brings a lot of light
since we 're going to use almost all of
Shadow visa
in the water line has chosen a call
pretty intense black to give a lot
deep the look and I'm going to apply
both the lower water line and the
higher
nothing eyelash mask we would have
finished the makeup
on the skin or used the base
maybelline fit makeup already
then I will choose a proofreader
pretty creamy to correct the area
of the ujed
with some bronzing powder I will give
some qualities to the face to
then with a beveled brush I'll
to give more shape to the cheekbone especially in
the bottom
for the lips taken a profiler
as the name indicates very natural
to give a little more lip and
I have also chosen a lipstick in shades
Toasted browns very very natural
in the middle part of the lip take a
little bit of transparent gloss to give
a little volume and we would have
Completely finished this makeup
As I always say you can follow me
update on the ww alicia website
rice dotcom by facebook as box type
makeup by twitter as alicia moves
by instagram also as it says chema
and by pinter it's like 'the and popov and nothing
more see you in the next video